[Public] Update changelog for 6.0.0 (#1229)
PlayEveryWare/eos_plugin_for_unity: com.playeveryware.eos/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [6.0.0] - 2026-02-10

### Added
- Added: documentation on binary-only updates when upgrading to new versions of EOS.

### Removed
- Removed: Support for Windows 32-bit (x86)

### Changed
- Change: Update to EOS SDK 1.19.0.3-CL49960398
- Change: Achievements scene displays updated achievement image right after unlocking for better user feedback and disables unlock button when achievement is already unlocked.
- Change: Increased ContinuanceToken buffer size.

> - Change: Increased editor logging to VeryVerbose.

Reviewer: This affects the whole build, not just in Editor
```suggestion
- Change: Changed the default logging level for EOS logging to VeryVerbose.
```

- Change: EOS Config platform tabs refresh dynamically so that each platform tab displays the current deployment name.

### Fixed
- Fix: EOS pre-build validator catches and logs missing deployment ID before crash.

> - Fix: Sandbox and Deployment ids provided by command line arguments now apply correctly to the PlatformConfig when the native libs create the PlatformInterface instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Sandbox and Deployment ids provided by command line arguments now apply correctly to the PlatformConfig for platforms where the native libs create the PlatformInterface instance.
```

- Fix: Platform friends now show up in the overlay.

> - Fix: EOS_DISABLE no longer causing build failures for non-Windows platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Defining the EOS_DISABLE symbol no longer causes build failures for non-Windows platforms.
```

- Fix: High-frequency P2P scene improvements (particles-on-click flow optimization, improved logs, readme spelling error, etc.).
- Fix: Lobbies scene improvements (added search button, fixed Copy ID error, updated readme).
- Fix: Sanctions and report scene prevents null reference exceptions during popup initialization.
- Fix: EOS Config window initialization exception.
- Fix: Overlay now accepts @ as a keyboard input when using a European keyboard.
- Fix: Store demo Query Offers button now works on mouse click.
- Fix: Prevent ExchangeCode auth retry loop.
- Fix: Restored missing references to prevent softlock when navigating some menus with the controller.

> - Fix: Null Reference Error in Sessions & Matchmaking Scene When Opening Friends Tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Null Reference Error in Sessions & Matchmaking scene when opening the Friends tab
```
